notes for this lab...


you are absolutely in crisis mode.  no skiing this weekend for sure.

Book copy = new Book (oldcopy)



BookCollection something = new BookCollection (n)




merge (collection 1, collection2)
make a new book collectionloop thru collection 1}
  make a copy of a book
  add the copy to collection}

loop thru collection 2
  if book not in collection }
    make a copy
    add copy to collection}
  else
    add to the stack of books in collection}
    change the price to the minimum of the two books


    } might actually mean 3 though



    oi so for this weekend to be a success

    all of chapter 2 for math

    lab done perfectly

    gotten a start on the assignment


    THIS WILL BE ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE SO YOU HAD BETTER GO HARD IN THE MOTHER FUCKING PAINT

    you're never more miserable than when you fail.  get caffeine early in the dang morning.

    that's all it really takes.
    dumbo

    you need have everything done by friday from now on (all the sunday stuff),
    and the wednesday stuff needs to be done by the weekend.



    THE TIMEOUTS FOR FUCK'S SUCK MAN!  TIMEOUTS WILL SAVE YOU
    get in the zone and stay there






    alright so right now you are working on the constructor methods within your class
    these methods are...

    addBook, findBook, getSize, objectAt
    findbook is needed by adbook apparently.  isn't there already an addbook method?  i am confused.
    you need to get the data fields in order for these to work
    make sure they are encapsulated (private)

    u should be helping other people here.  that is how you can be a better person.

    message trisha and rachel and give weekend update
    you need to wake up dangit.  in the morning and during the day
    it feels so bad afterwards cmon now
    ou need so start working with a group from the very beginning
    you need to be in this room way more often for this to work

    you need to teach yourself to not be able to let go of stuff
    let go of the frustration, not the problem.  that is huge

    pt so come on let's go.  tomorrow there will be some major trouble shooting sure that's fine.  there will be people here then too.  just get er started now

pretend this doesn't matter

let go of the stress

don't let go of the problem

work on things to the very end (including life in general)

don't try to go too fast or too slow.

just do.

once the time is up, the time is up.  turn in what you have.  that's life.





grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change,
The courage to change the things I can,
And wisdom to know the difference.



re - evaluate your situation at 8 pm.  have the courage to change the things yo ucan,
the serenity to accept the things you cannot



okay so findbook, then addbook.

you need to figure out exactly what a book is, and what a collection is.
write out exactly what is happening with the client program.

so size is passed in.
current size is set to 0
book array


collection1.bookarray = new Book[size]

okay so an array of type book is created with the size that ws passed
it is called bookarray, and belongs to the object collection 1.

collection 1 and list one are passed into the getbooks function
book object created with all of the necessary fields

books are added as long as it has next line.  excellent.  what do i even need to write for addbook then i don't get it.  i feel like it's been done already.
oh i see it needs to call on findbook to see if it's legitimate i guess.  so you need to write findbook for it to work properly and to call exceptions and all that.

do i need to write these exceptions?  i don't really understand that either

emotional maturity needs to come really quick or you will die here


so i guess my first question is why do i need to add the data fields, and are they the ones that i'm thinking of?
why do the constructor methods need them?

you need to figure out what each method is taking from the Book class and what it needs to return to your client program in order for it to run as needed,
as well as what it needs to save in its cache to be able to continue implementing stuff.  like the current size of it and all of that rubbish



okay so it just adds the scanned in book line to the book collection.  findbook checks for a duplicate
don't let the fear paralyze you


so the question is what are the books called within each book array?

the book arrays belong to Book Collection objects.

The book collection objects are called collection1, collection2, and collection3.

within them there are 16, 9, and 25 books, respectively.  collection3 is created by a merge.  the other two are created by findbook - addbook

book array is of type book though

book array belongs to the collection object which is of class BookCollection
within the book array, however, the spots are occupied by objects of class Book.  the object is book, but I don't quite understand what each individual one is called.
the collections are called collection1, collection2, and collection3, but what i don't get is what each individual book is called.

okay so creating different names for each one will be done in addBook is suppose.  addbook, and thus findbook are extremely important parts here.  gotcha.
collection full, duplicate book, findbook and adbook are the first things to be done.  you had better get those done tonight

no no no it's just book array at that element is that book.  there are not different names for the books
